Update UG (#226)
AY2223S1-CS2103T-W12-4/tp: docs/UserGuide.md

Format: `attendance add INDEX c/CLASS s/ATTENDANCE_SIZE`

Examples:

> * `attendance add 1 c/CS2030 s/10` creates an attendance list of size 10 and class CS2030 for the 1st student in the shown student list.
> * `attendance add 1 c/CS2040 s/1` creates an attendance list of size 1  and class CS2040 for the 1st student in the shown student list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `attendance add 1 c/CS2030 s/10` creates an attendance list of size 10 with a class name `CS2030` for the 1st student in the shown student list.
* `attendance add 1 c/CS2040 s/1` creates an attendance list of size 1 with a class name `CS2040` for the 1st student in the shown student list.
```

</div>

Examples:

> * `attendance mark 1 l/1 m/1` marks the attendance of the 1st lesson with a 1 for the 1st student in the shown student list.
> * `attendance mark 1 l/2 m/0` marks the attendance of the 2nd lesson with a 0 for the 1st student in the shown student list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `attendance mark 1 l/1 m/1` marks the attendance of the 1st lesson for the 1st student in the shown student list with a 1 .
* `attendance mark 1 l/2 m/0` marks the attendance of the 2nd lesson for the 1st student in the shown student list  with a 0.
```

Examples:
* `edit-task 1 t/Assignment 1 d/Topics: Recursion addStu/Adam Lee, Ben Tang`

>   Edits the title, description and adds to student list of the 1st task in the task list, provided that it is an assignment task, to be `Assignment 1`, `Topics: Recursion` and adds `Adam Lee, Ben Tang` respectively.

Reviewer: Feels confusing, but I don't know how to make it sound simpler
